well it is the fourth day of rolls
groups and I get to interview a North
American player for the first time in
quite some time
I'm so excited right now by Poul Beltre
how's it going to pull Beltre it's good
of course coverage brought to you by you
gg so you guys won
that's your first win so far of worlds
what's been going on uh well we lost
both our other games and then we won
this one it's a there's a good season
recap I think of the first half of
groups going into this game where you
nervous at all were you pretty confident
because I feel like you were the
favorite in this mmm I was feeling
pretty confident honestly I was feeling
pretty confident ending into all the
matches so this one was no different
obviously it was like both of us who was
II wrote heading into this so I think we
probably both had similar - is like
fully shoot we got to win this game
otherwise like we're doomed and then
yeah so sucks for them yeah Wow yeah so
how has the mentality been on the team
since you guys since the first two games
ended because I I feel like at MSI like
that stuff started to wait on at least
some of the members what's it been like
behind the scenes we've just been trying
to be really productive about why we
lost turns out it was kind of a similar
problem that cropped up in both of the
matches so we kind of identified that
yesterday after the EDG matched really
talked about it and really focused on it
in the game today and we have any
problems with it this time around so now
that we have that fixed up you know
we're really looking forward to play
against all the teams again was it
dragon cuz I'm no analyst but it feels
like Dragon is consistently where bad
things happen with you guys I don't know
what's I was kind of hoping you guys
would just stop going for Dragon it's a
secret okay that's fair it's a secret
but maybe just don't go for Dragon any
more that would be my advice I don't
know I just bad things seem to happen in
that pit all right what what what do you
think
tl stances are going forward cuz a lot
of people are starting to feel fear or
like the future for the team and groups
are chances I think if we can be EDG
next week then we can make it out for
sure
I think I think that will be the crucial
match maybe if we can take like a crazy
upset victory against Katie who's really
strong then we could do it but I think
you did you is definitely within reach
for us do you feel like you could take
Katie uh yeah if we play like really
really well obviously they're an insane
team but um you know I think if we play
like at our peak then we can win one of
the things that Peter mentioned because
I did an interview him after that Katie
game he can't he said that he kind of
felt like the team wasn't playing I
don't want I don't know if it was
confidence or issues that he kind of
said or he just didn't feel like you
guys were playing in the same way that
you do back at home do you feel like
that's at all the case uh not really
you know to me I think Katie might just
be better than our competition back home
in the NA LCS that might be the case do
you think that they're better than like
a golden Guardians uh man you can't bag
on the golden Guardians like that like
everyone back is on the golden card
Ian's like that by the way that's not
bagging saying that Katie the double
would create C team might possibly be
better than the last place team in North
America I think that's not bagging I
guess yeah it's just kind of mean though
because golden Guardians always gets
like okay so their last right and then
everyone shits on them on top of that so
that must feel like crap you know like
because those boys are doing their best
and I'm sure their management is doing
the best - obviously it's not everyone's
holding hands like Friendship Circle or
whatever but you know just see you just
screwed me because now I'll write in the
comments can be like well Travis is such
a dick to golden Guardian so funny thing
is normally I I'm bit in this position
of trying to defend golden Guardians
because I like a lot of the players on
it I know I know the management like I
understand like the broader story there
I try to come in once with like the jab
on golden Guardians and then and then
this happened so you screwed me how dare
you alright anyway but you do think he
might just be outclassing you guys to
that extent I'm not sure they're just a
really good team and we'll the left to
play it our absolute best if you want to
beat them I think that's all there is to
say about it have you had a chance to
watch the other NA games yeah we watched
most of them I think
bits and pieces actually of like the
hundred these rooms but the c91 I think
we've caught most of those do you have a
bunch of an opinion on the state of the
other North American teams who did 100
these feet in their group again actually
I forgot G Rex wow I guess everyone's in
the same spot right now everyone's one
into you yeah yeah not really sure I
guess we both kind of have to pull it
off where we beat like where we pull
more wins the second week than we did
the first week but uh yeah you know we
can do it okay what do you remind me I'm
trying to remember which day you guys
play we play on the 16th so that's three
days from now okay okay so what happens
between now and then are you guys able
to scrim during that time and practice
and get into a good place so we're just
gonna chill out I guess I just mean like
it's for a lot of people they don't know
what goes on behind the scenes like
during the middle of group stage the
availability of screams cuz you've got
certain teams screaming or sorry certain
teams competing and all that yeah well
just be screaming really heavily like we
have been for the poll like past month
yeah because this is pretty much the
last days we get before the deciding day
so yeah we'll be practicing really hard
in a sense this is a bit of a tough
interview for me because I think
everyone wants to know like what the
problem is and you say that you've
identified the problem but you can't
discuss it and so but you don't think
it's like a confidence issue oh no we're
people are people really like like
befuddled like holy
tl lost it Katie do they suck or people
really like that because I actually I
was like uninstalled Twitter reddit all
this oh and I don't want to bring in
like the stuff that you're trying to
avoid I would just say I think people
are concerned because they feel as
though you are not performing to the
standards that you play in North buchen
you perform at in North America they
think you're a better team than you're
showing on stage which is actually kind
of a polite way to be disappointed in
the team because yeah yeah you know no
team is perfect obviously and we
obviously have problems other than that
one which we've identified which was
major in that we're fixing but you know
we're we're doing a best and we're
definitely confident heading into next
week that we can take at least two wins
and then make it out of groups what are
what taking step back from them
as what's life been like for you guys in
Korea have you been comfortable as
everything okay yeah it's been good I
guess
like the the time away from home is
starting to take a toll on me so yeah
I've been feeling like pretty tired
lately I was just kind of grinding out
pretty much like 15 16 hours a day for a
while and then that kind of caught off
with me so I've been kind of trying to
take it a little more easy the past
couple days because probably now what
matters more than anything is my own
condition yeah so I've been trying to
rest up more if I'm feeling tired
instead of just putting in maximum
practice and also I'm I'm like pretty
homesick actually usually usually I'm
pretty good at events like this where
I'm away from home for a long time but I
kind of miss home so yeah just dealing
with that
besides that Cree is great you know the
food's really good even though I miss
American food playing here is really
great it's always such a fun experience
to play against all the top teams
screaming and playing solo q what do you
think it is that's making you so
homesick this time I don't know man I'm
getting old the years are really
catching up on me Travis I'm actually
turning 22 tomorrow holy moly is like
middle-aged eating eastwards yeah cuz
for me it's just I'm really old
if 22 is the middle age I guess well
happy birthday
I mean right you were it's so funny
because for a long time people memed
about you being like the baby and League
of Legends eSports and now you feel like
you're middle-aged yeah I feel like I'm
like becoming an adult
or something like that she's weird well
congratulations on becoming an adult at
22 I think for a while we've been
waiting and I was happy to hear that
that's happening for you and and maybe
that's what that sort of this you need
in order for Team Liquid to get out of
groups you have needed that extra year
of age and so 22 year old Paul Beltre
he's gonna come into lane well just be
unstoppable he will be like who's caps
this is 22 year old Paul Beltre you know
when you're wiser is gonna make all the
difference I know exactly where to aim
the skill shot alright other than that
just trying to think if there's anything
else that I wanted to talk to you about
but I think we're pretty good is there
anything that you would say to any of
the western fans out there
thank you guys for supporting us you
know we went 1 & 2 in the first week but
we're gonna try our best and turn it
around and get out of groups at least
you know and we were feeling pretty good
still even though we started at 0 2
because I was on the receiving end of it
last year we're phonetic and our group
started 0-4 and then they made it out so
nothing is impossible don't lose hope
follow your dreams stay in school don't
do drugs thank you and that's that's
coming from 21 year old pobelter so when
he turns to a - yeah it's gonna be even
more wisdom coming thank you so much for
the interview for everyone else you can
check out the restaurant coverage of all
things worlds right here on my youtube
channel this is my seventh worlds now
and one of the coolest things about
worlds is the the ability to travel and
just enjoy new things you know it's
really easy sometimes to stay inside our
comfort zones but if you venture out you
sometimes find that you can have
experiences you never expected success
you never anticipated and that's why you
know sometimes you're in champion select
you you got a venture outside your
comfort zone you got to try a new
champion because maybe the one you've
been playing you've been losing on you
know and and guess what I got a great
way for you to make an educated decision
about what champion go to the link in
the description right now you Gigi
they're our sponsor for worlds and you
can uh you can you can type in a
champion there you can learn all about
it maybe that's the champion you need to
take on the next adventure or journey
and your life because let's let's face
it like things you need something new I
don't I don't want to make this personal
but listen the whole point is you Gigi
will make sure you never lose champion
select again they're sponsoring our
stuff it's super helpful click the link
below check them out super helpful for
me thanks so much